So, even without my direct presence the promised LTSP#7.0 managed to find you.
Take this moment to praise Pilot for willing to middleman everything.


Now, let me clarify a few things about the future:

 -Pilot01 is from now on responsible for handling of all releases. 
 Any feedback and bug reports that you wish to deliver to me can be delivered via him.
 I doubt that my direct contact methods would be convenient to most, if anyone at all, so I picked someone I trust. This means that you can trust him too - if you trust me, that is.
	
 -LTSP#7.0 is the last planned major release.
 There are no more planned releases, but if ES3D takes too long to release and I happen to have enough free time and inspiration - something might happen.


With future out of the way, I now shall elaborate on why you are reading this now.
Well, during the golden era of CEPs and LTSPs, 10-16 hours a day used to go into fiddling with the sim, researching, testing, and development overall. I am no longer able to allocate this much time.
I have a job, friends, and real life in general. This leaves me with occasional weekend or a few hours during the week to develop stuff. Obviously, I can no longer provide the same amount of quantity and quality with so much less time.
...
...
...
But, it is all thanks to you all. Our almost 3 year long run with these silly .mr files is what shaped my life. It is the people I met during my time in the server that influenced my decisions, altered my views, and in general shifted the direction of my life.
Would you believe that the ES Official discord server started an insane butterfly effect causing me to buy a car, go on adventures, grow massive friend groups, land an awesome job, and even change as a person? Probably not, but that is exactly what happened.
Therefore it is not you who should thank me for the packs, but me who should thank you for everything in my life. I gave you a few lines of code, you gave me a life in return. For that I am eternally grateful to everyone in the ES community. 

Before I leave, I will tell you this - Do what you love, chase your dreams, become the person you want to be, and never give up!
Archangel out.




 


